Document how `dep` works (#735)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/sway-on-chain/libraries.md

}
```

Libraries are composed of just a `Forc.toml` file and a `src` folder, unlike usual Sway projects which usually contain a `tests` folder and a `Cargo.toml` file as well. An example of a Library's `Forc.toml`: 

```toml=
[project]
author = "Fuel Labs <contact@fuel.sh>"
entry = "lib.sw"
license = "Apache-2.0"
name = "lib-std"

[dependencies]
"core" = { git = "http://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-lib-core" }
```

> which denotes the author, an entry file, the name by which it can be imported, and any dependencies. For large libraries, it is recommended to have a `lib.sw` entry point that depends on all of the library's functionality. For example, the `lib.sw` of the standard library looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which denotes the author, an entry file, the name by which it can be imported, and any dependencies. For large libraries, it is recommended to have a `lib.sw` entry point re-export all other sub-libraries. For example, the `lib.sw` of the standard library looks like:
```

}
```

> Libraries are composed of just a Forc.toml and src folder, unlike usual Sway projects which usually contain tests and a Cargo.toml. An example of a Library's Forc.toml 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Libraries are composed of just a `Forc.toml` file and a `src` folder, unlike usual Sway projects which usually contain a `tests` folder and a `Cargo.toml` file as well. An example of a Library's `Forc.toml`: 
```

```toml=
[project]
author = "Fuel Labs <contact@fuel.sh>"
entry = "lib.sw"
license = "Apache-2.0"
name = "lib-std"

[dependencies]
"core" = { git = "http://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-lib-core" }
```

> which denotes the author, the name by which it can be imported, an entry file, and any dependencies. For large libraries, it is recommended to have a lib.sw entry point that depends on all of the library's functionality. For example, the lib.sw of the standard library looks like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which denotes the author, an entry file, the name by which it can be imported, and any dependencies. For large libraries, it is recommended to have a `lib.sw` entry point that depends on all of the library's functionality. For example, the `lib.sw` of the standard library looks like:
```

```sway
library std;

dep block;
dep storage;
dep constants;

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

with other libraries contained in the src folder, like the block library (inside of block.sw) 

```sway
library block;
//! Functionality for accessing block-related data.

/// Get the current block height
pub fn height() -> u64 {
    asm(height) {
        bhei height;
        height: u64
    }
}
```

> The `dep` keyword in the main library includes the dependency, making all of its functions and structs accessible from the main library. The `dep` keyword simply makes the library a dependency and fully accessible within the current context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `dep` keyword in the main library includes a dependency on another library, making all of its items (such as functions and structs) accessible from the main library. The `dep` keyword simply makes the library a dependency and fully accessible within the current context.
```
